Modify variables and remove CentOS (#2203)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_variables-for-generation-of-conversion-data.adoc

| `{project-context}_password` * | string | Your password
| `{project-context}_organization` * | string | Name of your organization
| `{project-context}_content_rhel_wait_for_syncs` * | boolean | Set to `false` if you do not want {ProjectServer} to wait until repository sync finishes before continuing with data generation. (default: `true`)
| `{project-context}_validate_certs` * | boolean | Set to `true` if you want to enable certificate checks in Ansible. (default: `true`)
| `{project-context}_convert2rhel_manage_subscription` | boolean | Set to `false` if you already have a manifest on your {ProjectServer}.
If you upload a new manifest from disk, the current manifest will be overwritten. (default: `true`)
| `{project-context}_content_rhel_enable_rhel7` * | boolean | Enables {RHEL} 7 repositories.
Set to `false` if you don't intend to convert hosts to {RHEL} 7. (default: `true`)
| `{project-context}_convert2rhel_enable_oracle7` | boolean | Set to `true` if you want to prepare conversion data for Oracle Linux 7.
Otherwise, you must set the value to `false`.
| `{project-context}_content_rhel_enable_rhel8` * | boolean | Enables {RHEL} 8 repositories.

> Set to `false` if you don't intend to convert hosts to {RHEL} 8. (default: `true`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to `false` if you do not intend to convert hosts to {RHEL} 8. (default: `true`)
```
